[triumphant music plays]
[record player whirring]
[needle scratches]
["This Summer"
by Sleigh Bells playing]
-[sparks fizzle]
-[dog whimpers]
[moans sleepily]
You managed to get most of it
on the paper this time.
Good job. buddy.
Okay.
Hey. hey. it's me.
Happy birthday week.
So. I expect
you're celebrating.
When do you think
you're coming back?
Let me know. 'Cause. well.
you know. we miss you.
Okay. don't have too much--
[sighs]
[song continues]
[exclaims]
[groans]
I need a yellow sun. like. now.
[engines roaring]
[suspenseful music playing]
Brigands.
They've come for my swords.
I guess it was only
a matter of time.
We give them what they want...
and then they'll leave.
[door opens]
[heavy footfalls]
[chair creaks]
[scoffs softly]
[device buzzes]
Mm?
Is that pie?
Yes.
[grunts]
[music playing indistinctly
on headphones]
[gasps]
[Brigand grunts contentedly]
[man] I know who you are.
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
Then you know why I'm here.
My life's work.
All in the shed out back.
Handcrafted weapons
forged from
the strongest steel
that you or your Brigand army
will ever lay
your filthy eyes on.
You have what you want.
Now leave.
[music on headphones
continues indistinctly]
[Krem] Show me the way.
-[weapon clangs]
-Not you.
Her.
-[gasps]
-[shouts]
[weapon clangs]
[gasps softly]
[screams] No!
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Krem grunts]
[device beeping rapidly]
[man grunting in pain]
[man groaning]
Mm-hmm.
[music echoes. distorts]
[somber music playing]
[breath trembling]
-[engines thrumming]
-[distant chatter]
[laid-back
jazzy pop music playing]
[sighs]
[barks]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[alien chitters]
I. Kara Zor-El.
of inebriated mind. body.
and. uh... spirit...
I hereby declare...
that 23 will be
the best year yet.
But let's be honest. babe.
it's not a very high bar
to clear.
[coughs]
-Okay...
-[barks]
Should we just move here?
Maybe we're meant to be
red sun folks. you know?
The kinds who feel things like
a punch in the face
and. like. shots of. like.
whatever this is.
It's really good. you know?
Maybe this is home.
[machinery clicks on]
["Catch These Fists" by Wet Leg
playing over speakers]
[chokes sharply]
[alien rumbles]
Not gonna happen.
[music continues inside]
Attention.
[shouts] Attention!
-[music stops]
-[dog growling]
Seriously?
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
And I come here
with one purpose.
-[dog growls]
-Man.
To seek revenge against
Krem of the Yellow Hills...
[patrons murmuring]
...a Brigand who has
trespassed onto our planet.
murdered my innocent
and honorable family
-in cold blood.
-Rough.
Krem's ship was destroyed.
and I believe
he's still searching for
a passage off our planet.
I will need a skilled tracker.
who can help me locate
this monster
-before he escapes.
-Dude. no.
I don't-- I don't have
my powers here. all right?
-[Ruthye] I will do the rest...
-Not my monkeys.
Not my circus.
...ending his life
to avenge my family.
In exchange...
I offer you my family sword.
Made by the hands
of my father. Elias Knoll.
[patrons murmuring]
The blade will be
provided to you
after I use it
to take Krem's life.
It's not our problem.
-Elias Knoll. you say?
-Yes.
A child of your size expects
to wield such a weapon?
[Ruthye] I am no child.
I had my thirteenth turn
this past harvest.
[bar patron]
Ah. but taking on a Brigand?
-Impossible.
-Oh. that might be a problem.
You will need someone of
enormous power to defeat Krem.
I shall do the job myself.
[alien growling]
-Hey!
-[roars]
-[grunts angrily]
-[clears throat]
-[Kara] Mm-mm.
-[grunts]
Hold this. All right. just...
Let me talk to him.
[whistles] It's not too late.
[alien growling]
Let's not... be a jerk.
Just... Just give me back
the sword-- Whoa.
-...and we can move on.
-[alien growling angrily]
You don't steal
from a little kid
who just lost her parents.
Like. that's--
Man. that's so clearly
over the line
of acceptable behavior.
You could at least
help her find the...
God.
...find the shithead
who killed them.
and then you can get
the sword.
like. fair and square.
[grumbles angrily]
Oh. you think
I'm talking too much?
No problem.
I can talk less.
[creature bellows]
[tense music playing]
[Kara grunting softly]
Okay. that was...
that was less talking.
How do you like that?
Oh. God! There it is. Wow.
Okay.
It's actually. like. a really
beautiful piece of silverware.
[alien grunts]
[laughs weakly]
Hey. look. I'm bleeding.
Whoa!
Whoa. what the fu--?
Oh. you're an angry fella.
aren't you?
[alien growling aggressively]
[Kara yelps]
[choking]
[roars]
Easy. Okay. Okay!
Give me a second.
I'm a little...
I'm a little winded.
No. no. no. no. no.
[barking. snarling]
Argh!
[alien bellows in pain]
-[barking]
-[growling angrily]
[groans]
-[thud]
-[Kara exhales]
-[weapon thuds]
-[Kara] Whew.
[alien coughing]
[alien groaning]
Believe this is yours.
Thank you.
I need to go to bed.
[coughs]
["Silver Lining"
by Rilo Kiley playing]
[Kara groans softly]
Stop. Stop.
[dog whines]
[Kara sighs]
[exhales heavily]
Oh.
Um...
Ow!
Oh... [scoffs]
Ugh.
[sighs]
Hi! Hi. Finally got you.
Mm-hmm. It's my lucky day!
Still. uh...
still celebrating. huh?
Yeah. What do you want?
I was just... Just wanted
to touch base about
when you think
you might be coming back.
No idea.
Kara. I'm just worried that...
if you keep going off-planet
like this.
you're never gonna find
your stride here.
in Metropolis.
-[banging on door]
-Hold on.
I'm worried you might never
find your people.
Mm. That's the thing. Clark.
I have no people.
I know that.
I just mean maybe if you spent
a little more time here.
you might feel more at home.
-[banging on door continues]
-Hold on! Uh. I gotta go.
Okay. Just. um. give me a call
and let me know--
Good talk. Bye.
[screen powers down]
-[banging continues]
-[shouts] Hold on!
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
And I come here
to seek revenge--
Yeah. some guy named Cream.
Yeah.
You already hit me
with this pitch.
So. what. you're going...
You're door-to-door now?
Look. I would love
to help you. but I can't.
So. onto the next door
with you.
[clothing unzips]
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I really need to pee.
Okay.
-[liquid trickling]
-[Kara exhales heavily]
-Was your ship attacked?
-Oh. my God.
Wait! Please!
Look. last night you stood up
for the righteous.
The just.
Look... [sighs]
If you think I'm gonna
lead you on the mountains
through some sort of...
revenge plot.
turning you into
a psychotic... child murderer.
then you must be. as they say.
"on glue."
[chokes] Ew.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Brigands conversing
indistinctly]
[speaking alien language]
Shall we take Elias' daughter?
The cells are packed solid.
aren't they?
[machinery whirrs. sparks]
What do you think
of my new ship?
[both laughing]
[in English] Come on. man.
We gotta be
back up in the sky ASAP.
Krem deserves
what is coming to him.
You go round driven by "deserve"
and you'll end up...
very unhappy.
[growls. barks]
-Krypto!
-[continues barking]
-[Ruthye] Krem. That's him.
-What the--? Hey!
They're taking your ship
off the planet.
[Kara] Krypto!
No! Krypto!
No!
[Krypto whining]
Hey. Hey. buddy.
It's gonna be okay. Okay?
[somber music playing]
[healer speaking
alien language]
[Ruthye. in English]
A Brigandian toxin
known as Reddimeir.
She says it paralyzes
the host slowly.
and I'm sorry. but painfully.
before eventually...
stopping the heart.
What can I do?
[healer continues speaking
alien language]
[in English] What? What is it?
She says it's more difficult
since Krem escaped
off the planet.
Moving him
would risk accelerating
the effects of the toxin.
The Brigands carry
the antidote on their person.
They use it
as an interrogation tactic.
Dangling relief
in exchange for money.
information.
whatever they're after.
[continues speaking
alien language]
[in English]
Without the antidote
there's nothing she can do.
How long does he have?
[speaks alien language]
[in English]
Three moon raises.
Okay. Three days.
Hey. Hey.
I'm gonna go now.
[Krypto whines softly]
And you-- You cannot
freaking give up on me.
Home is
wherever you are. buddy.
[Kara kisses Krypto]
[Kara sighs]
[melancholy music playing]
Are you going after Krem
for the antidote?
You could help me.
No. we could help each other.
You for the antidote.
and me to kill him.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry...
about what happened
to your family.
Okay? I am. So he'll suffer.
Suffer?
No. he needs to be killed.
[Kara] Ruthye. your revenge
is not going to get in the way
of me saving my dog.
Okay. just... like. just
stay here and look after him.
Okay.
One...
Two...
Three... moon raises.
72 hours. buddy.
[melancholy music continues]
[Kara speaks Kryptonian]
Who are you?
[sighs]
[engine rumbling]
["Satin in a Coffin"
by Modest Mouse playing]
[speaks alien language
in impatient tone]
[in English] He basically
said. "Welcome aboard.
Please watch your step."
Yeah. sure he did.
[passenger grumbling]
[alien squealing. trilling]
[passenger grunting. gurgling]
[Kara] Gum?
Maybe give us all a break
from that hookah thingy.
[passenger grumbles]
Okay.
-Comfy?
-[gasps startledly]
You got a clue
what I'm saying?
Do I look like an idiot
to you?
Debatable.
[Ruthye] I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
I was just trying
to get through to my seat.
-It was an accident.
-Oh. freakin' Ruthye.
[alien chittering agitatedly]
-[alien growling]
-[Ruthye] Ow.
[Kara screeches]
[alien screeches. exclaims]
-[Kara screeches]
-[alien grumbles softly]
You put your bag on the floor
at her feet.
which is calling her mother
a whore.
Okay. why aren't you
with Krypto?
I'm searching for Krem myself.
I think I was pretty clear
when I said no to that plan.
Excuse me. can you move over
so I can sit
next to my friend?
Oh. your friend. Absolutely.
She's not my fr...
You're not my friend.
Yes. I am.
Okay.
-What's my name?
-What?
-[ship judders]
-[passengers exclaiming]
[speaks alien language]
What did you hit now. Lloyd?
[foreboding music playing]
[Ruthye. in English]
Who are they?
What do they want?
[Kara] Sklarian Raiders.
They're like tech pirates.
They want the bus.
they want the fuel.
they want the engine.
Look away. Lloyd.
Look away. Look away.
My guess is they want
to rob us all blind first.
[chitters]
[scanner humming]
[grunts discontentedly]
[yelps]
Noted.
I knew I should have
called in sick today. Lloyd.
[robots continue prowling]
[speaks alien language]
The watch.
[in English] No. she doesn't--
You know. she doesn't--
Ruthye. Ruthye. let go.
Ruthye. let go. Let go.
[whispers] Between you and me.
the sword...
It's not worth much. you know.
See--
I have a plan.
Kind of.
Hey!
You ladies wanna trade?
'Cause I would love
that watch and sword back.
and I'm pretty sure that
you would be interested...
in this.
Oh. sorry. wrong pocket.
In this.
["Smile" by Wolf Alice playing]
[exhales sharply]
[electricity crackling]
Whoa. Oh. shit.
Uh. just getting my sea legs.
[Kara grunting]
-[alien exclaims]
-Shit.
[alien exclaims]
[Kara] Okay.
this is unpleasant.
[squelching]
[Kara grunting]
[groans]
[whispers] Hey. Hey. uh...
How... How close are we
to a yellow sun?
[both converse
in alien language]
[distant creaking. thudding]
[in English]
Can you get any closer?
Yeah. sure. If I had
a friggin' engine
or some balls.
but I have neither. So. no.
Perfect. Um...
[suspenseful music playing]
[passenger screams
in distance]
[coughs]
Shhh.
Ooh. this is gonna be bad.
[straining]
Come on.
Oh. shi--
[somber music playing]
[footstep thuds]
[grunting]
[wondrous music playing]
[laser fires]
[speaks alien language]
She's flying towards the sun!
[thrilling music playing]
[lasers pulsing]
[explosions. ship juddering]
[speaking alien language]
We've lost our engines!
Found them.
["I've Got Trouble In Mind"
by the Limiñanas playing]
[creature squealing]
[in English]
When I asked for your help.
I did not know
you were so capable.
Yeah. You won the lottery.
Why couldn't you do that
on my planet?
I get my powers
from the yellow sun.
The... red sun
makes me normal.
Then why would you choose
to be under a red sun?
Well. 'cause the whiskey
don't work so good
when I'm like this.
With abilities like that.
you're sure to be able
to take on Krem.
Enough! You're coming with me
to find Krem.
Congratulations.
You wore me down.
You were gonna do it
either way.
At best
you'll end up kidnapped.
At worst you'll screw it up
for the both of us.
and... oh. I've got
to save my dog.
Just do what I say.
Keep quiet and don't die.
There she is.
It's flying sun lady.
Good job.
We kicked ass back there. huh?
We make a good team. I think.
We're wondering if you could
help us find the Brigands.
Do you have any idea
where they are?
No idea.
But I bet those Sklarians
that you tied up on my bus
probably do.
See. that is an idea.
Here's an even better idea:
Don't abandon your daughter.
These taste like shit.
Um. okay.
I really don't have time
for this. so...
[brushes off hands]
...let's get to it.
Oh. it's okay. Don't worry.
I'll do the other side
to even it out...
if you tell me
where to find Krem.
And what will you give us
in return?
Oh. that's a good question.
-Um...
-[Ruthye crunches]
An intact spinal cord.
So you gonna talk or...
[whispering in alien language]
Let her have him.
Krem has the strength
of one thousand men.
He'll tear
this little girl apart.
[in English] He's on Bilquis.
Nice try.
Bilquis's a dead planet.
Dying. not dead.
The atomic wars
brought destruction.
Half the population is gone.
And the remaining resources
have drawn filth.
From every corner
of the galaxy.
Filth. Like the Brigands.
They scavenge for people.
People?
For girls.
Girls to help them continue
their all-male race.
Cool.
[clicks tongue]
So we're going to Bilquis.
[tense music playing]
All right.
let's take you shopping.
Perfect.
-Don't freak out.
-Why would I?
[device powers up]
-I'm not freaking out.
-You're not freaking out.
I'm not freaking out!
Seems to me
like you're freaking out.
-I might be freaking out.
-Okay.
[device powers down]
Good.
Now you won't die.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Ruthye] Whoa!
[grunting]
[device powers down]
You could have
done that sooner.
Yep.
-On your planet...
-Earth.
[Ruthye] Do others on Earth
have powers like you?
No. it's a pretty small group
of two.
[Ruthye] Who's the other one?
They call him Superman.
I call him Clark.
He's my cousin.
And you are Superwoman?
I'm Supergirl.
Are you considerably younger
than he is?
[sighs] There's. like.
ten years. give or take.
How come he's a man?
I mean. you're--
[man] Move it! Out of the way.
[alien chitters]
[man laughing]
Let's find some Brigands.
-[piano playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
[performer singing
indistinctly]
[stops singing]
[door creaks shut]
[patrons fall silent]
Thank you.
[music resumes]
♪ Tall and tan
And young and lovely ♪
[speaks alien language]
Sorry. we are a bit backed up.
[singer] ♪ The girl from Ipanema
Goes walking ♪
Hi.
[singer] ♪ And when she passes
Each one she passes goes "Ah!" ♪
[tense music playing]
[singer] ♪ But I watch her
So sadly... ♪
[exhales]
I know she's worth a lot
'round here.
I'm aware.
Let me have her
and you can walk out alive.
Tempting.
But just
switching subjects here.
Do you have any information
on the Brigands?
That sort of information's
gonna cost ya.
I'll tell you what.
I'll arm-wrestle you for her.
Seriously.
You win
and you can have us both.
I win...
and you can tell us
where the Brigands are.
[patrons chuckle]
-Deal.
[thuggish patron]
How about you play with me?
[drink containers clatter]
[can clatters]
[grunts expectantly]
You ready?
-[snap]
-[thug yells]
[weapons powering up]
[thug groaning]
Okay.
Okay. this does not look like
this is gonna end well.
For you guys. I mean.
Anybody want to leave?
No? Okay.
Ah. let's not hurt
the merchandise.
Ruthye. sit down over there.
[thug 2] I'll kill you.
Keep playing.
You know.
It's like the Titanic. Yeah.
[singer] ♪ Heaven
I'm in heaven ♪
Okay. boys.
Fingers on triggers?
♪ And my heart beats
So that I can hardly speak ♪
Yeah? Okay. Let's go.
[singer] ♪ And I seem to find
The happiness I seek ♪
[all yelling. grunting]
[singer]
♪ When we're out together ♪
♪ Dancing cheek to cheek ♪
♪ Heaven. I'm in heaven ♪
♪ And the cares
That hung around me ♪
♪ Through the week... ♪
How was that discreet?
You broke that man's arm.
Okay. I'm...
Look. I'm... I'm sorry.
Okay? My dog's dying.
so I don't really have
the patience
that I should have right now.
Okay?
[bar patrons
groaning. coughing]
[chuckles]
[continues applauding]
Oh. you don't have to.
No. no. no. no.
It's good. It's good.
Oh. I didn't know that
you spoke the Common Tongue.
Little.
-Mareck.
-Mar... Mareck.
Bomar.
Well. we're actually here
looking for somebody.
You don't happen to know
any Brigands? Do you?
[objects clattering]
[tense music playing]
[man growls]
Shit.
It's Lobo.
-Who?
-[Kara] Keep quiet.
No eye contact.
He's an immortal
with a God complex.
Killed off his entire planet.
Not a fun guy. Hey.
Three more of whatever
you call that shit.
I'm looking for a Brigand.
Goes by the name
of Drom Baxton.
He's an ugly friggin' bastich.
-He's looking for Brigands.
-No!
Red mohawk. Dead left eye.
[Lobo slurps]
[glass shatters]
[whispers] He's so rude.
[speaks alien language]
Have you seen him?
[in common tongue] No.
I know he was here.
You're saying he wasn't?
-I'm gonna go.
-Sit down.
Are you calling me a liar?
No.
Well. I am.
[laughs wheezingly]
But not about this.
He's worth a lot of money.
Take care of my whole year.
-[grunts]
-[glass clatters]
-Excuse me.
-Go away.
I am Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
Who cares?
And I come here
with one purpose.
to seek revenge against
Krem of the Yellow Hills.
We could help you
take on the Brigands.
You're going to help me?
Do you know
who you are speaking to?
[Ruthye gasps faintly]
Would you like to find out?
Hi! We're just
a couple of girls
from Metropolis. USA.
We're doing a fun little tour.
-Of space!
-[weapon sheathes]
It's for my... my birthday.
Yeah. we've been on.
what is it.
like. three planets so far?
And I'm exhausted. [giggles]
You know?
Like. OMG. I had no idea
that space was
so. like. vast and...
[Lobo] Stop.
You're hurting my head.
[slurps. grunts]
You all have been
super useless.
Happy birthday.
-Useless.
-[door creaks. clatters]
We know friend know Brigands.
Our house. meet?
We walk.
but not safe for Ruthye.
Wear this?
[tense music playing]
Bomar get friend
and meet home.
[indistinct discussion
in alien language]
[Mareck. in common tongue]
Wait here.
Girl is tired. Rest.
When will Bomar be here
with your friend?
Soon.
So. is Superman like you?
Grumpy? Rude?
-You think I'm rude?
-Of course.
Seems to be something
you do intentionally.
-Okay.
-Is Superman not that way?
[Kara] Clark? No.
He's a freakin' nerd.
Let's just say
we're not alike.
-Because?
-I don't know.
He sees the good in everyone.
and I see the truth.
So you think he's naive?
-No. but... He's young.
-But isn't he older than you?
Yeah. but it's not his age
that makes him young.
it's his heart.
There are just some things
he never had to go through.
So his heart is light.
you know?
It's not like mine or Bomar's
or your--
What's Earth like?
I'm not really
from Earth. Ruthye.
From another planet.
Krypton.
I thought everyone died
the day the core erupted.
No. Krypton didn't die
in a day.
The gods are not that kind.
[thunder crackling]
[Kara] My father
and his brother Jor-El
tried to warn the Council
of what was coming...
but no one listened.
[unsettled music playing]
[chandelier rattling]
Mm.
[speaking Kryptonian] Is it now?
I thought we had more time.
So did I. but Krypton's core
is too unstable.
It will explode in minutes.
I have triggered
the force field. We need to go.
-[wood splintering overhead]
-Alura!
-Now!
-[exclaims]
[all clamoring]
Is that him?
That is Kal-El.
The sweet little boy
your brother has declared
a conqueror of worlds.
It's time.
[people clamoring. screaming]
[energy reverberating]
[Kara. in common tongue]
That was eight years
before I was born.
[somber music playing]
[speaking Kryptonian]
Are we fools. Zor-El?
Should we have listened
to your brother?
We can't send our daughter...
to another planet
to be some sort of god.
We preserved all this
for a reason.
We have to believe
there's a future here.
[bright music playing]
[Alura calls playfully]
Kara. where are you?
-[gasps]
-[Kara squeals. giggles]
[Kara. in common tongue]
Honestly. I didn't have a clue
that Argo was different
from any other planet.
[laughter]
[Kara] I thought we were lucky.
But luck.
almost by definition.
runs out.
[coughing]
[melancholy music playing]
[panting]
[speaking Kryptonian]
Tell me.
When Argo City broke off.
it unearthed...
a crystalline mineral
buried deep in the planet.
Kryptonite.
The soil has been poisoned.
People are ill all over Argo...
and it's spreading.
And can it be helped?
[panicked clamor in distance]
[man groaning]
[speaking Kryptonian]
Kara.
What is all this?
Trying to preserve Argo with
my force field was a failure.
The radiation
has taken hold of me. too.
I cannot let it get you.
I found my brother's sketches
for the escape pod.
I made it big enough for you.
You will follow your cousin.
Kal-El.
You will make a new home
on Earth.
No!
[breath trembling]
This is my home.
This is my only home.
Let the radiation take me too.
I'll lie in the ground
next to you and next to mom.
[stammers]
I am one tiny life.
What difference does it make
whether I live or die?
You are not one tiny life.
You are your mother's life.
You are my life.
You are our souls
unfolding into the future.
My child...
this is why you must live.
[labored breathing]
When I am gone.
I need you
to promise me something.
Of course. mother.
Just be good.
That doesn't mean
you cannot be tough.
And that doesn't mean
you have to be nice.
But you must be good.
[bell tolling]
[Zor-El speaking Kryptonian]
We do not choose our paths.
Your path
will be one of great effort...
of great purpose.
Where you are going.
you will have enormous power.
[Zor-El]
Use it to protect those...
who cannot protect themselves.
Trust yourself...
to know what is right. Kara.
[melancholy music playing]
[hatch beeping]
We are with you.
[machinery powering up]
[sighs softly]
[in common tongue] So. yeah.
When I say
I know what it's like.
I'm not talking
out of my ass. Ruthye.
Grief is a killer. You know?
It can make you want
to break bad. or...
you know. get revenge. but...
I don't think
any of those things
are gonna lead you
to where you want to go.
So. what does?
When did you stop
feeling angry?
Any day now.
[melancholy music playing]
[watch beeping]
Um...
I'm just gonna
go check on him.
Stay here.
[door slides]
[indistinct discussion
in alien language]
[both continue
speaking alien language]
[in common tongue]
Where's your friend?
They come now. Sit.
[sighs]
Recipe from my mother.
from her mother.
mother. mother...
-A little bitter.
-Thank you.
Drink.
[tense music playing]
How does your friend
know the Brigands?
We all know the Brigands.
But you said--
Brigands come here.
take girls.
They come here.
take... our girl.
Sarna.
Yeah. your. um...
your daughter. the...
The pictures.
[voice echoes distortedly]
What did you give me?
Sorry. Sorry. stop drinking.
Stop drinking.
[speaking alien language]
Bomar. stop!
It's for our daughter.
we have no choice.
[in common tongue] Did you get
this poison from the Brigands?
I-- No understand.
You should be...
Paralyzed.
[grunts] This is just
really gonna suck.
Ow.
Whoa.
[grunting sharply]
-[Kara] Milk.
-Why?
Well. it coats your stomach
if you've been poisoned.
Come on. man.
It's a white liquid.
-Door. Door.
-Help me out here.
[chokes] What kind of milk
was that?
Chewchan.
[Kara] Chewchan.
[groaning] Oh. my God. Okay.
So. you sold me out...
for what?
What are you... What are you
getting in return?
Speak.
One girl for two girls.
[Kara gasping softly]
[intruder snarling]
[Kara retches]
Hello.
[Kara retching]
Are you okay?
I heard
you were looking for me.
Huh?
[Kara exclaims]
You found me.
Technically. you found me.
[Krem bellows]
[Krem grunts]
Mm.
[yelling]
-[Brigands chuckling]
-[Kara panting]
Hey. man. Can you just give me
one second?
[both grunt]
[Kara grunting]
[retches]
Thanks. I needed that.
[Brigand roars]
[intense music playing]
[grunts]
[Brigand groans]
[Krem] You dropped
your puppy's antidote.
[Ruthye shrieks] Kara!
Help me!
Help!
[Ruthye screaming]
No! [screaming]
Kara!
[Brigands grunt]
[Brigand] Come on!
[indistinct shouting]
Whoa!
Sorry!
-Are you drunk?
-No!
[Krem groans softly]
Hey.
She don't look very poisoned
to me. eh?
[speaking alien language]
Bring me their daughter.
Now.
[in common tongue]
You smell of vomit.
[Kara]
Because Mareck poisoned me.
Oh. and I am fine.
thank you for asking.
[tense music playing]
[all scream]
[people screaming]
Huh.
[indistinct clamor]
[speaking alien language]
The brides!
Get them! Get them!
[in common tongue] Don't move.
[people screaming. panicking]
[grunts]
[Brigand yells]
[panting]
[Brigands yelping]
[Brigands groaning]
Run.
Drom Baxton.
There's a lot of rich dipshits
looking for you.
Screw you. old man.
[laughs]
Shit.
-Sarna! Sarna!
-Sarna! Sarna! Sarna!
[speaking alien language]
A deal is a deal.
She has to die.
-[in common tongue] No!
-Sarna!
-[cackling]
-[engine revving]
[screams]
[Brigands groaning]
[grunting]
Ouch.
["Safeword" by Halsey playing]
[Brigand screams]
[yells in pain]
Aren't you the ditz
from that dive bar?
Funny.
That's what
I've been calling you.
Touché!
[all yelling. grunting]
[Brigand yelling]
[laughing]
[Brigand screams]
[thud]
[fighting continues
in distance]
[tense music playing]
[panting]
[humming]
[chuckles]
[engine revs]
Oh. that's ballsy.
Drom Baxton!
You just made me angry.
[person screaming]
[Brigand screams]
Got you. bastich.
[sing-song] Sarna.
Where are you?
You okay? Yeah?
Okay. get her out of here.
She's the last one. Go. Go!
[dramatic music playing]
Come on. Krem.
Where's my antidote?
[Krem] You like to play games.
I can play games.
I can smell you. [chuckles]
[sniffing]
[Ruthye yells]
-I told you not to move.
-I had him.
Hide.
Shit!
Sarna!
[Sarna screams]
Bye-bye.
No! No!
-[weapon sweeps]
-[Krem laughing]
[bellows]
[thunderclap]
-[grunts]
-They're dead.
Because you did not let me do
what had to be done!
Okay. Ruthye. I'm not
letting you kill that man.
Why not? Look at the suffering
he leaves in his wake.
Why does he get to be alive?
Why?
Okay! Okay. stop freaking out!
Get off! Don't tell me
not to freak out.
I'm allowed.
Tell me why.
Because it'll mess you up.
You think it will make you
feel better? It won't.
It'll haunt you
for the rest of your life.
Is that what you want?
So. the alternative
is to be like you?
Constantly leaving your planet
to drink yourself
into a stupor?
Drunk all of the time
so you never
have to feel anything?
Guess what? I too want
to free myself of this pain.
And I do not want
to be like you.
Okay.
Then why don't you go find
whatever dimensional portal
he just passed through
all by yourself?
[indistinct shouting]
[breathes deeply]
[somber music playing]
[inaudible]
[suspenseful music playing]
[speaking alien language]
[in common tongue]
Hey! Squidward!
Where are the Brigands?
-No idea.
-Really?
-Aargh!
-Bullshit.
I have less than 24 hours
to save my dog.
so you tell me
where the Brigands are
and I won't turn you
into a hand puppet. Okay?
[gasping] Okay.
[groans]
Okay.
But you'll have to wear this.
Let's go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[alien snoring]
[landing gear clunks]
[criminal]
This is as close as we get.
[breathing heavily]
[wheezing]
[discordant music playing]
[continues wheezing]
[engine roar fades]
Hi. there.
[Krypto barks]
I've been tracking your ship
for the last month.
I believe you're from Krypton?
And so am I.
[Krypto growling]
Clark.
[speaking Kryptonian]
I don't understand you.
Where am I?
Is this Earth?
-Are you Kal-El?
-[barks]
[sighs. in English]
I'm sorry. I don't...
I don't. um...
I don't speak Kryptonian.
I didn't ever...
Shoot. I...
I wasn't raised there. so...
[louder]
I wasn't raised there!
Why am I talking louder?
Let me help you.
[Kara speaking Kryptonian]
Krypto. be good. buddy.
Be good.
[in English]
He's a feisty little guy.
-[Krypto growling]
-He's cute.
Is it okay if I...
Watch your step there.
Might be slippery. so...
Is this... I'll grab it.
Okay.
Ah. yeah. Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry.
we don't actually live here.
There's a lot more to Earth
than just this place.
Big city. Lots of stuff to do.
-[Krypto barking]
-Bowling. that's fun.
It was a big adjustment
for me.
You know. coming from Kansas.
You know.
small town kinda guy. but...
You know Kansas?
No. Why would you know Kansas?
What am I...? [sighs]
You can't understand a word
that I'm saying right now.
It's okay. You will one day.
And you'll also learn to love
this place just like I have.
Promise.
[speaks Kryptonian]
Why is he in his underwear?
[in English] Oh.
Should mention.
Your powers are gonna start
kicking in right about...
now.
[horns blaring loudly]
-[indistinct amplified voices]
-[sirens blaring]
[speaks Kryptonian]
How can this be home?
[loud noises outside continue]
[noises become muffled]
["Care" by Hana Vu playing
over headphones]
[sighs softly]
[exhales slowly]
[barks]
[growls playfully]
[chuckling]
-[music stops abruptly]
-[gasping]
I thought that the shelter
might help.
Was I right?
[weakly] Wait...
What did you...
I saw you boarding
that man's ship.
so I snuck up
into the cargo hold.
What's this place?
[chuckles weakly]
It's my prison.
The Brigands know that
the planet orbits between...
two suns.
And that the green sun...
can kill me.
Krem left your ship on Bilquis
and I found this.
Thought that it might help.
[melancholy music playing]
It's... It's just
a stupid suit. Ruthye.
It doesn't do anything.
[wheezes]
My dog...
[breathing heavily]
My Krypto.
I'm not there to say goodbye.
-Hey.
-[Kara] He...
-I just want...
-Hey. Kara.
Don't freak out.
I'm so sorry for saying
I didn't want to be like you.
[Ruthye sniffling]
I mean...
you're not always nice.
but you're kind.
And you're not always perfect.
but you're good.
So. thank you
for taking me with you.
Water.
[coughing]
[unsettled music playing]
[men shouting in distance
in alien language]
[thud]
[engines rumbling]
[creature squeaking]
[Ruthye moans softly]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[prisoner snoring]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
-[creature squealing]
-Gotcha.
-[snap]
-[squealing stops abruptly]
[suit powers down]
Thank you...
I guess.
[Lobo] Top of those bars
are poison-tipped.
It's a painful
and noisy death.
So if you could wait
until after my nap.
that would be great.
-And why should I trust you?
-You shouldn't.
But I'd trust me
more than a Brigand.
My assumption is
that you've tried and failed
at numerous ways
to get out of here.
Why are you in here?
You're not gonna let me nap.
are you?
-Did you get caught?
-Hunters don't get caught.
They set traps
and then they wait.
Well. I'm not interested
in waiting.
Soon. I will find Krem
and do what needs to be done.
Is there a bounty on his head
that I don't know about?
No! I'm not after the money.
I'm after the revenge.
Ugh. Overrated.
He murdered my innocent
and honorable family
in cold blood.
Well. there must have been
a reason.
We gave him what he came for.
He killed them for nothing.
For sport.
That's a reason.
He has no honor. No...
code.
Like you. I can imagine.
My code is iron.
you little shit.
And make no mistake.
I kill for money. not sport.
And I never go back
on my word.
[door opening]
[speaking alien language]
A dead Kryptonian...
should make
for a magnificent trophy.
I'm working on it.
-[tense music playing]
-[keys rattling]
[grunts]
[in common tongue] I think
your friend is in trouble.
If she's still alive.
Yes.
You know. green sun...
and Kryptonian...
is not good combination.
you know?
Is very difficult.
You fragile excuse for a man.
What?
More revolting
than the excrement
on the bottom of your shoe.
Wow.
So many words! Cool!
But you don't need them here.
I'm going to tell you something.
Hm?
Come on. turn around.
Look at me.
I want to propose a deal.
You tell me
where we can find your friend
and I will let you live.
Huh?
[spits]
Bye-bye.
This one dies
before the end of the day.
[door slams]
[locks clicking]
[unsettled music playing]
[labored breathing]
[Ruthye] Please.
I don't want to die.
Please. just don't--
Don't let me die.
Come on. I'm begging you.
Please just...
just take me to Krem.
Please. just take me to Krem!
I'll tell him where
he can find my friend. Please.
[speaking alien language]
Get off your fat ass...
and take her to Krem.
He'll shut her up.
[in common tongue] Thank you.
Won't you just take me
to Krem?
I'll be good. I promise.
I promise. I'll do...
I'll do whatever he says.
I'll tell him
what he needs to know.
[speaks alien language]
Keep your trap shut
and do as you're told.
[in common tongue]
Thank you so much.
[yells]
[guard grunting]
[intense music playing]
[Brigand groans]
Yes!
[Lobo laughing. applauding]
That was amazing.
You're a little savage.
aren't ya? I knew it.
[grunting]
[Lobo] I knew
you had it in you.
I could see it.
[sing-song] Come back.
Aren't you
forgetting something?
Come on back.
-[Ruthye] Fine.
-There she is.
[Ruthye] But only if you help
us take down the Brigands.
Oh. they're gonna suffer.
[laughs]
-Yeah!
-[grunts]
I'm very proud of you.
Told you my plan would work.
Deck's this way. I get
my chopper and my gut hook.
-I'm gonna slash--
-[metal creaking]
That is very impressive.
Little shit.
[Ruthye panting]
[tense music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[indistinct conversation]
[clothing unfastens]
[liquid splashing]
[labored breathing]
[stirring music playing]
[speaking Kryptonian]
Where you are going.
you will have enormous power.
I need you to promise me
something.
[in English] I know
it's pretty colorful. but...
[Zor-El speaking Kryptonian]
Use it to protect those...
who cannot protect themselves.
[in English] ...that's just so
everyone knows we're...
good.
[breathes heavily]
[wondrous music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct clamor]
[shouting enthusiastically
in alien language]
-[foreboding music playing]
-[chuckling]
[grunting]
[in common tongue] I heard
you were calling me
from down there.
is that true?
Yeah. [laughs] Ooh.
[murmurs thoughtfully]
Ah. Mmm.
Look at me.
Hm?
[Krem chuckles]
Do it.
Better make it quick.
[triumphant music playing]
-[Ruthye yelps]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
You know. we haven't been
formally introduced.
Hi. I'm the bitch
whose dog you shot.
[intense music playing]
Whew! [chuckles]
[growls]
[Brigand yells]
[yells]
[screaming]
[brigands yelling]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[Krem chuckling]
[continues chuckling]
Feel the power!
-Huh? Look at this.
-[Kara gasping]
I made it especially
for you. as present.
It's Kryptonite Delight.
It's Kryptonite crystal.
I never tested it on anybody.
but looking at you...
it works. [chuckles]
Your eyes are beautiful
when you cry.
A lot of pain. huh?
Lot of suffering.
I don't like
to see you suffer.
So we will end the suffering.
Drom!
[weapon sweeps]
[cackling]
Got you. bastich!
Travel-size is always easier.
["Don't Speak" by
Eagles of Death Metal playing]
-[yells]
-Not the abs.
[growls enthusiastically]
[grunts]
That was great kill.
[Krem laughs]
No!
The kid wants revenge.
-She should have it.
-It's not that simple.
Seems pretty simple to me.
[screams]
["Don't Speak"
continues playing]
[grunts]
[laughs]
See ya. ditz.
Oh. shit.
[Brigand grunts]
[Brigand screams]
[Brigands screaming]
[laughing manically]
[grunts]
-[Brigand grunts]
-[Kara yelps]
[Brigand screams]
[intense music playing]
[Brigand yells]
[groans]
-[yells]
-[grunts]
[Brigands yelping]
[grunts]
[gulps air]
[grunting]
[uplifting music playing]
-[Ruthye gasps]
-[Krem grunts]
[Kara] Hey. Are you all right?
The brides.
They're still in there.
[distant screams]
Stay here.
[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[women screaming]
[sword reverberates]
[screaming continues]
It's a beautiful sword
from your father.
I'm sure you would love
to put it deep in my heart.
Come on.
Let's see
if you are killer. huh?
[Krem yells]
[Kara grunting]
[Krem grunts]
[thrilling music playing]
[Brigand groaning]
["The Middle" by Kelty Greye
and KidMotel playing]
[singer] ♪ Hey. don't write
Yourself off yet ♪
♪ It's only in your head
You feel left out ♪
♪ And looked down on ♪
♪ Just do your best ♪
♪ Do everything you can ♪
♪ And don't you worry
What their bitter hearts ♪
♪ Are gonna say ♪
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ And everything
Will be just fine ♪
♪ Everything is gonna be
All right ♪
[singer]
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ Everything. everything
Will be just fine ♪
Will be all right ♪
[Brigand bellows]
[singer]
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ Everything will be just fine ♪
♪ Everything is gonna be
All right ♪
♪ It just takes some time ♪
♪ Little girl. you're
In the middle of the ride ♪
♪ And everything
Will be just fine ♪
♪ Everything will be all right ♪
[grunts]
[footsteps approach]
May this blade put an end
to all of the suffering
you have caused.
[Ruthye breathing heavily]
[Kara] Ruthye.
-No.
-You can't stop me.
I won't.
But if you kill him.
it won't take your pain away.
You'll have to carry him
with you
-for the rest of your life.
-So what?
I'm already ruined.
[Krem] What the hell-- [coughs]
No.
Your heart is still good
and open.
Show him who you are.
You are Ruthye Marye Knoll
of the Danastia Clan.
Your family is with you.
even now.
Your life...
[inaudible]
...will be your revenge.
[Krem gasps]
[sobbing]
Hey.
[gentle music playing]
I wish it never happened.
It's okay.
And I wish it could all be
like it was before.
I know. me too.
Okay. okay.
You're gonna walk away...
before you change your mind.
Okay.
[breathes deeply]
[Krem] You think
you saved her soul.
Won't be anything left
worth saving
when I am done--
That's for my dog.
Yeah.
And this is for what you did
to that little girl.
[gasping]
[engine revving]
[suspenseful music playing]
Hey. buddy.
I told you I'll be back.
[laughs nervously]
Yeah? You miss me?
-Whoa!
-[barking energetically]
Hi! Yes. I'm ve--
I'm very excited
to see you too. buddy!
Okay. [laughing]
Okay. Ow. Krypto!
You're gonna give me pink eye.
man. Stop. stop. stop.
[uplifting music playing]
[barks]
Oh. Krypto.
Oh. [giggles]
-Oh. good boy.
-Krypto. come on.
We've gotta head out.
but you're...
You're good. Right?
Yes.
I'm going to stay
with my aunt and...
I might start making swords.
like my dad.
That's a great idea.
[Krypto whines softly]
So. will you be heading back
to your pub crawl?
No judgement.
Um...
No. I think my pub crawl days
are behind me.
I'm really glad
that I met you. Ruthye.
Yeah. me too.
So. I...
guess this is goodbye.
Goodbye. Kara.
[sighs] Come on. Krypto.
[Krypto whines]
I'm gonna regret this. Um...
I never finished celebrating
my birthday.
Yes!
Yes. of course!
Thank you. thank you.
thank you!
Well. don't thank me yet.
You're buying. right?
[Ruthye chuckles]
Come on.
You can be gone
for a couple of days. right?
Your aunt's
not gonna freak out?
[Ruthye chuckles]
She won't freak out.
[distant traffic. sirens]
-[Krypto barks]
-[Kara grunts]
[Krypto panting]
-Hi.
[gentle music playing]
Rough trip?
Yeah.
Birthdays have always
been kinda tricky for me too.
Yeah. It was good. too.
You know. like.
in its own sorta way.
-Good.
-Yeah.
How have things been here
with you?
Yeah. yeah. Busy.
-Mm?
-Yeah.
Could have used your help
on this last guy.
I... I mean.
I could always use your help.
but I know
you have places to be.
No.
Yeah. I think I'm gonna stay
a while this time.
Stay here?
-Yeah.
-Oh. good.
-[Krypto growling]
-[objects clattering]
[Kara] Krypto. Come on. man.
Where's he gonna stay?
Sorry. He's just...
We are...
just happy to be home.
[clattering continues]
I am also happy.
He's in the chocolate.
It's chocolate.
Krypto. no. no. no. don't
eat that! Don't eat that!
[uplifting music playing]
[thrilling music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[energizing music playing]
[intriguing music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[majestic music playing]
[stirring music playing]